docs: clarify that barrel file issue is for apps rather libs (#17651)
vitejs/vite: docs/guide/performance.md

When you only import an individual API, e.g. `import { slash } from './utils'`, all the files in that barrel file need to be fetched and transformed as they may contain the `slash` API and may also contain side-effects that run on initialization. This means you're loading more files than required on the initial page load, resulting in a slower page load.

> If possible, you should avoid writing barrel files in your application and import the individual APIs directly, e.g. `import { slash } from './utils/slash.js'`. This is less of an issue for libraries since they are pre-bundled during dependency optimization. You can read [issue #8237](https://github.com/vitejs/vite/issues/8237) for more information.

Author: ```suggestion
If possible, you should avoid writing barrel files in your application and import the individual APIs directly, e.g. `import { slash } from './utils/slash.js'`. This is less of an issue for JS/TS libraries since they are efficiently pre-bundled during dependency optimization. One caveat is that prebundling component libraries (Vue, Svelte, etc.) may be more time consuming since they cannot be natively handled by esbuild. You can read [issue #8237](https://github.com/vitejs/vite/issues/8237) for more information.
```

> If possible, you should avoid writing barrel files in your application and import the individual APIs directly, e.g. `import { slash } from './utils/slash.js'`. This is less of an issue for JS/TS libraries since they are efficiently pre-bundled during dependency optimization. One caveat is that prebundling component libraries (Vue, Svelte, etc.) may be more time consuming since they cannot be natively handled by esbuild. You can read [issue #8237](https://github.com/vitejs/vite/issues/8237) for more information.

Author: ```suggestion
If possible, you should avoid writing barrel files in your application and import the individual APIs directly, e.g. `import { slash } from './utils/slash.js'`. This is less of an issue for JS/TS libraries that are pre-bundled during dependency optimization. One caveat is that prebundling component libraries (Vue, [Svelte](https://github.com/sveltejs/vite-plugin-svelte/blob/main/docs/faq.md#what-is-going-on-with-vite-and-pre-bundling-dependencies), etc.) may be more time consuming since they cannot be natively handled by esbuild. You can read [issue #8237](https://github.com/vitejs/vite/issues/8237) for more information.
```
